Education 

Brown University
BS in Computer Science
May 2019 (Anticipated)  Providence, RI
GPA: 4.0 / 4.0
Selected Coursework
User Interface Design
The Entrepreneurial Process
Software Engineering
Design and Analysis of Algorithms
Computer Systems


Byram Hills High School
Grad. May 2015  Armonk, NY
Awards
Eagle Scout
Intel Science Talent Search Semifinalist
Abe Shahim Research Award
Acorda Scientific Excellence Award

Links 
Github:// https://github.com/gregthegeekgregthegeek 
LinkedIn://  https://www.linkedin.com/in/gcarlingcarlin 

Skills
Programming
Expert:
Java  CSS  Javascript  HTML 

Proficient:
Python  SQL  PHP 

Familiar:
Shell  iOS  C  Pyret  Drupal  Assembly

Brown University
 Teaching Assistant 
  Sep 2016 - Dec 2016  Providence, RI

  Teaching assistant for Accelerated Introduction to Computer Science.
  Graded weekly Pyret assignments for class of around 60 students.
  Guided students through labs and homeworks during weekly office hours.


airDrive
 Software Developer, Co-Founder
  Jun 2016 - Jul 2016  Providence, RI

  Built a proof-of-concept cloud storage website that combined the ease of Dropbox with the security of end-to-end encryption.
  Participated in Breakthrough-Lab, a summer entrepreneurship program at Brown University.
  Used Nodejs, MySQL, and Storj, a peer-to-peer storage network that provides cheaper costs and extra security.


State of Rhode Island
 Technical Intern 
  Feb 2016 - May 2016  Providence, RI

  Sole developer of GetOutdoorsRI - a website encouraging Rhode Islanders to explore local parks and commissioned by the governor's office.
  Fixed, adapted, and modified Missouri's similar website (100 Missouri Miles), built on Drupal.


SchoolBee
 Software Developer 
  May 2015 - Sep 2015  Rye, NY

  One of two developers that worked on SchoolBee's K-12 directory software, which is used by school districts throughout Westchester County.
  Developed an automated view system in Nodejs to improve the speeds of reads from the MongoDB database.
  Web-based platform is used by thousands of K-12 students and their families.


jGrader
 Software Developer, Project Lead
  Sep 2014 - Jun 2015  Armonk, NY

  Built jGrader.com - a Nodejs website with a MySQL database that enables high school computer science teachers to accept Java assignments online.
  No longer actively developed, but still has hundreds of active users.


ProcessWatch
 Software Developer
  Dec 2014 - Sep 2015  Armonk, NY

  Co-developed Process.watch - a Nodejs website with a MongoDB database that assisted cloud service providers in managing email-based server notifications.
  Sold stake to local cloud service provider.


Virtual Trustee, LLC
 Software Developer 
  Jun 2014 - Sep 2015  Bedford Hills, NY

  Sole developer of MyTrustCo - a website that educates individuals on how to manage trusts.
  Organized as a freelance project by a local couple.
  Built initial site from scratch on PHP and MySQL, later rebuilt on top of Drupal.


Research
 Object-Oriented Database Management Systems 
  Jan 2013 - May 2015  Armonk, NY

  Developed a query cost model for the weakly dependent subquery optimization of the Stack-Based Query Language.
  Selected as one of 300 semifinalists in the Intel Science Talent Search, and one of 6 to be presented at Facebook's Manhattan office, among other awards.
